The plan is simple. There are four dates that matter and one standing rule. Everything else is noise.

The Plan

This Week — Three Binary Events



Date       Event                      Bloomberg Object     What to Watch                                                                                                                         House Implication
Tue 8 Sep  US Treasury market reopens GT10 Govt, GT30 Govt First reprice of Friday payrolls + Hormuz. Watch GT10 at the NY open. Key level: 5.00%.                                               Above 5.00% → VAGS, IDTL, SGLN all taxed simultaneously. Below 4.60% → pivot bid, IDTL/VAGS rally. Do not act on either. Observe.
Thu 11 Sep US CPI (August)            CPIAUCSL Index       Hot print (above consensus) = hike odds above 60%, BEI rips, IDTL/SGLN taxed. Cool print = pivot bid, VAGS/IDTL rally, gold recovers. Hot: ICOM and ITPS (if real yields hold) are the regime winners. Cool: VAGS and IDTL bid. Either way: no action. Observe and update the Seven Questions.
Thu 11 Sep ECB rate decision          EURR002W Index       +25bp reportedly fully priced. Watch the statement for forward guidance — any signal of a pause matters more than the hike itself.    VAGS sensitivity via European aggregate component. A hawkish surprise widens the European bond selloff already in motion. A dovish statement bids VAGS.

16 September — The Binary

The FOMC decision is the single most important event on the house's calendar between now and the 3 October contribution. At ~60% hike probability, this is reportedly the biggest toss-up since SVB. Agence France Presse The house has two lines that feel it directly:

Hike lands: CSH2 carry rises. SGLN taxed (real-yield channel). IDTL taxed (long-end repricing). VAGS under pressure. ICOM unaffected — goods inflation is not a Fed instrument. VWRP: mild multiple compression, offset by earnings resilience in Reflation.

Hold (dovish surprise): IDTL and VAGS bid. SGLN recovers. Cut-cycle thesis gets its first data point. VWRP rallies on relief.

The house action in either scenario: none. The sentences do not change on a single FOMC. The house was built to hold through exactly this kind of binary.

3 October — The Only Action Date

£200 AutoInvest on the 3rd. This is the only lever available before the next contribution. The decision tree at that point:

Check walk-back first. PMI < 50 AND 2s10s < 0bp → route full £200 to Invictus only. Satellites receive zero. Current status: PMI 54.6, 2s10s +41.6bp — both clear. Alliance News

Check Invictus drift (±3pp). Pull your T212 NAV. Any Invictus line more than 3pp below its house weight gets the next contribution. Most likely candidates after today's session: VAGS (headwind all session), SGLN (−0.72% today, real-yield tax ongoing).

Check satellite drift (±1.5pp). If no Invictus drift breach, check satellites. SMGB has been the strongest mover — monitor for overweight drift. XDWH and DFNS have been the weakest — monitor for underweight drift.

Check satellite collective cap. If satellites collectively > 20% of total portfolio → stop feeding satellites, route 100% to Invictus.

Default split if no drift breach: £150 Invictus (75%), £50 satellite (25%). Most underweight line in each sleeve.

Verify COPA/COPG ticker on T212 before executing. This must be resolved before the contribution fires.

The Standing Rule — Every Day Until Then

Monitor two numbers. Nothing else requires action:



Object             Current Level Trigger Action if Triggered
2s10s (GT10 − GT2) +41.6bp       < 0bp   Walk-back: route full £200 to Invictus only on 3 Oct
PMI (NAPMPMI)      54.6          < 50    Walk-back: same as above — but both must fire simultaneously

BQL
for(['GT2 Govt','GT10 Govt','NAPMPMI Index','CO1 Comdty','VIX Index','DXY Curncy','GBPUSD Curncy']) get(px_last, yield) preferences(addCols=ALL)

BQL
for('GT10 Govt') get(yield - value(yield,['GT2 Govt'])) preferences(addCols=ALL)

Neither is close. The walk-back has a historical frequency of 6.1% of months. It is not the base case. It is the rule that exists precisely because the base case is sometimes wrong.

What the Plan Is Not

It is not watching SGLN fall and deciding the gold thesis is broken.

It is not watching SMGB +1.70% and deciding to top it up outside the contribution cycle.

It is not reacting to a Warsh speech, a Hormuz headline, or a single CPI print by editing the lock file.

It is not moving the AutoInvest date.

In One Sentence

Watch Tuesday's Treasury open, Thursday's CPI, and the 16 Sep FOMC — update the Seven Questions after each — then execute the contribution rules mechanically on 3 October. The house does the rest.


Sources

1. Tech firms rally but Asian markets mixed, with eyes on US inflation
NEWS 09/07/2026

2. FOREX: Rand stable amid US holiday and ahead of US inflation reading
NEWS 09/07/2026